Interviews
STAR TECHNIQUE.
 

•	S-in my previous role at Judicial Service. I was part of the team who was tasked to investigate challenges militating against Monitoring and evaluation software system in Ashanti region.
•	T- my specific task was to present to my boss evidence -based findings of why stakeholders; judges, registrars and court clerks were unable to use monitoring and evaluation software for their daily operations 

•	A-Action- my obligation was conducting the necessary research to come out with these findings; so, design research questionnaire for both online and face to face schedules, cleans the data, analyzed it with SPSS tool, and presented it to authorities for further actions.

•	R-so in the end as a result of our effort we were able to reduce the overall challenges to about 70%. The new strategy that emanated from our recommendations in the studies gave rise to a paradigm shift and routine activities of the users in the courtroom.

SAMPLE QUESTIONS 
In my little background on your website there is a little clarification questions I would want to hear from you; 
	How does company “name” provide fertile environment for progressive learning experience for your employes? 
	Another one has to do with whether “company name” gives room for corporates social responsibilities
	And my last question is I want to know whether there is other benefits associated with this offer I mean 
	Insurance benefit	
	Data 
	Clothing 
	Fuel
And others. 

Introduce yourself …
Thank you very much, I would describe myself as a result-oriented person who is driven with passion for excellence in all endeavor with 5 years’ experience in public service precisely data analysis in judicial service of Ghana…


Tell us about any project you have worked on








ELEVATOR PITCH
I am Alfred Mensah and a budding data analyst with passion for exploring and transforming data into meaningful insight. I have 4 years’ working experience at Judicial services, and possess strong skills in data Analysis, but I have always been drawn to the power of data and its ability to drive business decisions.
This drove me to join Azubi Africa program where I have completed several basic skills in Cloud Engineering projects, and also gained a solid foundation in Python programming language, linux Operating System, and Git and GitHub version control software.
Additionally, I possess basic knowledge of database in SQL that has enabled me to work with and manipulates data more efficiently.
With my eagerness to learn and my enthusiasm for data analyses and data protection. I am confident that I can make immediate contribution to your team and value to your company’s data driven initiatives. 

ELEVATOR PITCH FOR CLOUD ENGINEERING
Hi, I'm a cloud engineer with expertise in designing and implementing scalable and secure cloud infrastructure solutions. I specialize in leveraging cloud technologies like AWS, Python, Linux Operating System, Git and GitHub and Google Cloud to optimize performance, reduce costs, and enhance business agility. With my strong background in system administration, networking, and DevOps practices, I can help your organization seamlessly migrate to the cloud, automate processes, and ensure high availability and disaster recovery. Let's discuss how I can support your cloud transformation journey and drive innovation for your business.

ELEVATOR PITCH FOR DATA ANALYST
Are you drowning in a sea of data, struggling to make sense of it all? As a data analyst, I can help you navigate through the complexities and uncover valuable insights that can drive informed decision-making. With my expertise in statistical analysis, data visualization, and predictive modeling, I can transform your raw data into actionable intelligence. Whether you need to optimize business operations, identify market trends, or improve customer satisfaction, I have the skills and tools to turn data into a competitive advantage. Let me be your data detective, unlocking the hidden potential within your data and empowering you to make data-driven decisions that propel your organization forward.
Why should we hire you? 
I think you should hire me because my …

STRENGTHS
I’m open-minded
Understand team work cohesion 
pay attention to details
make first move to make friends 
APPROACH OF LEARNING NEW SKILLS 
Fast learning abilities because it’s a field I enjoy doing with little effort
